c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Chat.dll.config
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Chat.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Chat.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Notifications.Base.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Notifications.BusiessLogic.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Notifications.DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Database.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.CSharp.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Jint.Raven.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Esent.Interop.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\AWSSDK.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\NetTopologySuite.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\GeoAPI.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\PowerCollections.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Raven.Database.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.CSharp.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Jint.Raven.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Esent.Interop.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Esent.Interop.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.pdb
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\AWSSDK.xml
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\obj\Debug\Chat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\obj\Debug\Chat.dll
c:\users\zos-srv\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Chat\Chat\obj\Debug\Chat.pdb
